## Overview

Improvements to the access control in the viewer, tailgating emails, 3D grids, empty searches, and new user sign ups.


## Improvements

- Pan/Zoom viewer is the default - The Pan/Zoom viewer is now the default video viewer for new users
- Access control improvements:
  - All information for each badge-in is now in one tile.
  - The number of unauthorized entries now shows at the top of the list of badge-ins
  - There are now no longer duplicate badge-ins
- 3D grid improvements:
  - The 3D grid editor is now accessible from the dropdown menu in the viewer.
  - There is now a help article accessible directly from the 3D grid page
  - Adding corners for the 3D grids is now faster and more automated
  - The image and it's grids are now resizeable
- Inviting guests visibility - Inviting guests as Can Manage or Can View is now two buttons instead of one
- Empty search results - Empty search results now show a dropdown instead of a list of buttons to switch between accounts and links to help articles have been added to address common confusion
- New user sign-up improvements:
  - New users are now directed to the `/app` page rather than the `/start` page
  - The reminder for a new user to verify their email is much more persistant
  - When redirecting from the app page, the sign in modal no longer automatically opens
- Verbose view on by default - Verbose view is enabled by default for new accounts. Enable verbose view by clicking `v` on the app page.
- Tailgating configuration improvements:
  - Setting up tailgating notifications is now more intuitive, with the ability to add reply-to emails, modify the display name, provides default template examples, and provides clarity on who is receiving the emails.
  - Getting alerted about tailgating queries now has a more obvious button near the search bar.
  - There is now a tailgating button next to the "Live" button on the main app page.