## Overview

Event tiles show inbound and outbound counts. New tools to make special retention requests easy. BigQuery access to CPU core utilization in `Box State Sampled` for trend analysis. NOT operator no longer requires quotes on camera and zone names. Newlines supported in tailgating email templates. UI improvements.

## Improvements

- **Inbound and outbound counts** on Virtual Turnstile/Tailgating Event tiles make it easier to scan summaries in search results.
- **Newlines supported in [Tailgating email templates](https://help.camio.com/hc/en-us/articles/360036017911-How-do-I-get-tailgating-alerts#h_01EQ4F6537X9MAXHTBA71AY42M)** to become paragraph separators in tailgating emails.
- **Special [retention requests](https://help.camio.com/hc/en-us/articles/23743913263252-How-can-I-retain-video-events-indefinitely-as-part-of-a-special-retention-request)** can now be made across many accounts and cameras using queries (e.g. retain a particular 3-hour period across hundreds of cameras by submitting the query `2am PT to 5am PT February 14th 2024` to retain that period across all cameras indefinitely).
- **The `not` [search operator](https://help.camio.com/hc/en-us/articles/360025126812-Which-logical-operators-can-I-use-in-search-queries) no longer requires quotes** around multi-word camera and zone names.
- **Zone Editor `&redirect_uri=` parameter** now supported to return to a particular page after having completed editing a zone.
- **BigQuery streaming of `system_stats`** with `cpus` indicating the percent utilizatoin of each core in the event `Box State Sampled`.
- **Larger Event tiles** by default for easier scrubbing/scanning of summaries.
