## Overview

New Vector Search of results from Visual Agents, support for (Re)run Visual Agents retroactively on historical time ranges, badges showing counts of noncompliant policy assessments on Event tiles in search results of the Camio web app, and supporting API changes for Hook.type "query_match_ad_hoc" and "distance_score" in search results.

## New Features

- **Vector Search** of results from Visual Agents analyses is now available through use of the `tag:agent` search operator. 
This new operator also accepts an optional numeric value suffix like `tag:agent5` to request that only those Events with 
distance scores in the top 5th percentile of scores in the search results be included in results. The colored badges on each
Event tile in the search results of `tag:agent` queries range from <span style="color: green;">green</span> (best match) to <span style="color: red;">red</span> (worst match) in order to expedite exhaustive forensic 
searches in chronological order while highlighting the best matching Events.

- **Re(run) Visual Agents** is a new Search Panel Action that replaces the prior **Relabel with Pro** by requesting that Visual Agents 
analyze all Events matching the time-range-bound query in the search box. For example, the query `food court 11am PT to 1pm PT` submitted
with **Re(run) Visual Agents** applies your current **Policy**, **Actions**, and **Integrations** of Visual Agents to all Events from the food court camera that occurred within that 2-hour time range to, for example, help locate a lost child with the subsequently issued Vector Search query: `food court 11am PT to 1pm PT tag:agent`.  This feature relies on a new Camio API **Hook** type `"type": "query_match_ad_hoc"`, which instructs the Hook to be triggered only upon manual request rather than automatically in real time. In order to enable Re(run) Visual Agents, you must first [create the Integration for Visual Agents](https://ai.camio.com/integrations/) using **Activation** method **Manual** (which corresponds to the new hook.type `query_match_ad_hoc`).

- **Policy compliance badges on Event tiles** display the count of noncompliant policy assessments with a hyperlink to the Visual Agents results page showing the policies assessed.

- **API: Hook.type "query_match_ad_hoc"** is a new Hook type used by the **Re(run) Visual Agents** Search Panel Action. All Hooks of type `query_match_ad_hoc` are triggered only when using (Re)run Visual Agents.

- **API: distance_score** is now included in each `bucket` in `results` from `/api/search/` when using the `tag:agent` search operator. This new API field `distance_score` represents the numeric distance from your
query in vector space, ranging from `0.0` to `1.0`, where the lowest `distance_score` values are the best matches with your query.

## Improvements

- **Quick Help Panel** of the web app now includes the new `tag:agent` search operator.

## Bug Fixes

- **Seasons removed from date parser** to avoid conflicts with Vector Search queries that may include "winter", "spring", "summer" or "fall" as in `slip and fall tag:agent`.

